NLS eReader Zoomax braille driver (#17509)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

<!-- KC:endInclude -->

### NLS eReader Zoomax {#Zoomax}

The NLS eReader Zoomax device supports USB or bluetooth connections.
The Windows 10 and Windows 11 operating systems will automatically detect and install the necessary drivers for this display.

> For computers where the Internet connection is disabled or not available, for the USB connection, a driver can be download from the USB to serial CH340 chip manufacturer  (https://www.wch-ic.com/downloads/CH341SER_EXE.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For computers where the Internet connection is disabled or not available, you can manually [download and install the USB to serial CH340 chip driver](https://www.wch-ic.com/downloads/CH341SER_EXE.html) to support this display over USB.
```
